### Dr. Jessica A. Nash

ACT-CMS Program Director

*Software Scientist*   
**The Molecular Sciences Software Institute**  

Jessica Nash is a Software Scientist and the Lead of the MolSSI Education program. She received her bachelor’s degree in Chemistry 2012 at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and her Ph.D. in Materials Science and Engineering from NC State University in 2017. At MolSSI, Dr. Nash leads the MolSSI Education program, including the creation of resources to teach programming and software development skills to computational molecular science researchers. Along with Prof. McDonald, she served as the editor for an ACS Symposium Series book entitled [Teaching Programming Across the Chemistry Curriculum](https://pubs.acs.org/isbn/9780841298194). Since 2020, Dr. Nash has served as adjunct faculty for UC Berkeley's Master of Molecular Science and Software Engineering (MSSE) program, where she teaches two courses integrating computer programming and software engineering skills with molecular science applications. Dr. Nash's software development efforts focus database and web frameworks for molecular science data. She is the core contributor to the job management dashboard for MolSSI's Simulation Enfionment for Atomistic and Mocecular Modeling (SEAMM) project. She also leads the Descriptor Libraries project at the MolSSI, a collaboration with the [Center for Computer-Assisted Synthesis](https://ccas.nd.edu/), which aims to create an open and reusable framework for publishing and sharing molecular descriptors. 